in both the military career choice area and in looking at academic or
computer research I think the most important thing to do is to talk
to as many people who actually do that you can and they ask them specific
questions specific questions how long did you work every day what
were the conditions how many people were in charge of you how many
people are you in charge of how did your job changes you got more
senior were there times when you didn't want to do this anymore do
you still like doing it do most people the job stick with it or do water
people tried and then move on tried and move on tried to move you
know ask them specific things and if they give you fuzzy answers
always okay try to pin them down you know if you had it to do over again
would you do it again ill ask us for a specific thing now it's
very hard to find people like that in everyday life you may not have
access to any of them but you can go and do research in the library
or online in and find a tells of these kinds of people and in some
you might even be able to get a hold of and inter internet email exchange
or into a if video call like Skype burden faced time one of those
and that would give you a way to find out what it's like and try
to talk to people whose loved it and people who hated because you get
a different view from both of you need to hear both use